Previously on Blunt Talk...
I like you very much.
- Let her go, Officer.
- Put your hands on the car.
Hey!
Mr. Blunt, have you spoken
to any of your wives?
I have not spoken to any of my ex-wives.
This is the benefit of divorce.
You are facing felony charges.
Your ratings have been shit for months.
All that's left is your accent.
They need me to see a shrink.
You always bring your own couch, Doctor?
Yes, I'm a Freudian.
The gods have given me a second chance.
I mean to make the most of it.
♪
Blunt Talk - S01E03
All My Relationships End in Pain
sync and correction by solfieri -
www.addic7ed.com
Harry.
Harry, I'm hungry.
Where are you?
Harry, I'm hungry and depressed.
Ah!
Ha!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Have a nice trip, Major.
What's the matter, Major?
You always enjoy thrashing me.
I don't know, Harry.
I just feel low.
Lost, confused, distracted,
dreary, disturbed... I guess that's it.
Well, you're seeing the network
psychoanalyst this afternoon, sir.
Perhaps he'll cheer you up.
I don't think the goal of analysis is to be
cheered up, Harry.
I think the goal is to stop hating oneself.
What about neutrality, sir?
That's my position.
I don't hate myself,
but I don't like myself.
I hover somewhere in the middle.
Interesting, Harry.
I'd like to mull that over
further with scrambled egg,
bacon, half a grapefruit,
and very black coffee.
Very good, sir. I'll get
your breakfast ready.
Unsporting, Major.
We'd finished playing.
And a glass of champagne.
Sir.
Kierkegaard says
that we're all in despair
unless we find God.
But then the French poet Vigny says that
a calm despair is the essence of wisdom.
For once I agree with a Frenchman.
No, I accept my core despair.
But what's your stance on self-loathing?
Oh, I'm against it.
Why do you ask? Are you self-loathing?
No.
Well, a little.
Why?
I put my career in jeopardy.
I'm a lousy to middling father.
And I've hurt every woman
I've ever been with.
What do you think would lessen your
negative feelings about yourself?
- Well, a woman.
- Walter.
Excuse me, we're in session.
Oh, sorry. I've never done therapy.
I mean, I once called a suicide hotline.
- Years ago.
- Excuse me, I mean, we're in session.
Okay. Walter, you have to
be in makeup in 15 minutes.
Okay.
Now, that's an attractive woman.
Have you had intercourse with her?
No. She works for me.
So what's holding you back
from meeting a woman?
My track record.
I'm afraid to start something new.
All my relationships end in pain.
Did that stop Elizabeth Taylor? No.
So I give you permission to meet someone
new and not worry about the future.
Are you suggesting I should
behave like Elizabeth Taylor?
Yes. A messy life is a good life.
Big Brother or mindful mother?
In a statement issued today,
Alvon says that its tracking chip,
the size of a rice grain,
can be implanted painlessly
beneath your child's skin.
Well, I'm not sure I like the sound
of children being chipped
like the family pet.
But I was also skeptical
of the mobile phone
and I once did lose a dog.
Well, that's our report for this evening.
I am Walter Blunt, right here, right now.
And we're clear. Okay, that's a wrap.
You know, soon we'll all be chipped.
It could be a good thing.
If my wives had chipped me,
maybe I'd still be married.
Oh, did you get lost a lot?
Yes, with other women.
I must stop thinking like this.
I am allowed to have a messy life.
I mean, not as messy as last week, but...
- Great show, Walter.
- Thank you.
Excellent segment on the Knesset.
Jewish politicians are really funny.
Is that a joke?
But, Walter, I'm so sorry
about interrupting
your analysis before. Is it going okay?
Well, the approach is unusual,
but it may be helpful.
Oh, you know, my dad's a therapist.
A Gestaltian.
Yeah, we know that.
- Hi. Great show, Walter.
- Thank you.
Maybe next week we can run my piece
on the HPV vaccine. I have a fun angle.
Shelly, the genital warts story is gross.
I'm sorry, genital warts?
Uh-huh. It's relatable.
You're a lucky son of a bitch, Walter.
- Why?
- I want to tell him!
You were in my bathroom.
I paid for it.
The policeman you kicked,
he didn't need testicle surgery.
So it's only a misdemeanor.
The lawyers found a loophole
in California state law.
No stitches, no felony.
No felony, no problem.
I can't believe my fate was held in balance
by the well-being of a testicle.
What about Gisele?
Her charges were dropped.
Yes!
She sent you a thank-you note
for getting her a lawyer.
Oh.
In our debased world,
I appreciate this very much.
It was the one quality of the first
George Bush I always admired.
He was an avid writer of thank-you notes.
Well, you're still a little screwed, buddy.
Your license is suspended and you
have to go to AA once a week.
I have to go to AA?
For your AA meeting, I was thinking
we could either go with your Bono look
or your Peter Jennings.
For AA, definitely we should go Bono.
Very good, sir.
Oh, I meant to inquire,
did you ask the psychoanalyst
for more of that wonderful cocaine?
I did and he said that last week
was simply an emergency measure
and not a part of my treatment.
Oh, that is a shame.
But I imagine we'll cultivate
an emergency soon enough.
All right, last chance.
Who wants to come with me to AA?
Ha! I understand.
It's Friday, you've all got plans.
Oh, there she is.
I'll give you a ride.
Be nicer than the bus.
Thank you, Rosalie.
I've missed you, girl.
Hey. Walter, is this your new car?
We got it this morning.
I told Harry to get a Volt or a Prius.
I mean, I have to be a role model.
Instead, he gets this stupid muscle car.
You said to follow my bliss.
I said a Volt or a Prius.
You willfully misheard me.
Well, I think it's a super
cool car, Walter. I really do.
I'm glad you agree. I've always
admired your Maverick, Jim.
This back seat is hell, Harry.
What were you thinking?
You could, you know,
sit in the front seat, sir.
No, I think it's best
that our roles are defined.
Discipline in our regiment
of two has been slack of late.
Very good, sir.
Thanks for the ride, Rosalie.
You're welcome.
Do you want to, you know,
like last time?
You smell nice.
Like vanilla.
Angel.
The perfume.
Can I smell it again?
My God, Harry.
I never knew there were so
many recovering alcoholics.
- The bars must be empty.
- Yes, Major.
You know, it's smart of
churches to hold AA meetings.
Since the old methods failed,
this is an excellent way
of getting the sinners in.
Yes, sir.
♪
Excuse me, sir. We're new here.
And there seem to be many sorts
of meetings to choose from.
We got every kind of meeting.
Overeaters Anonymous, Gamblers Anonymous,
Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous.
Boy, you name it, we got it.
- What are you here for?
- AA.
Now, do you also know who could
sign my drunk driving sheet?
Anybody can. I'll do it.
Really? Thank you.
Here you go.
Are you Walter Blunt? I mean, Walter B?
Most of the time.
- I'm Derek.
- Oh.
Ah, hi, I'm glad you're here.
I saw your collapse on YouTube.
It's an honor to meet you.
Hey. I'll see you in the meeting.
I'm also in AA.
Hey, nice sort of chap.
You know, Harry, I know nothing
about the 12-step movement.
- Do you?
- Not really, sir.
I imagine the 12 steps must be similar
to the 10 Commandments.
- Makes sense.
- Excuse me.
A lot of women here, Harry.
Maybe I'll meet someone.
You know, alcoholics
are often good company.
When they're drinking, sir.
Not when they're sober.
Oh, no, you're right.
Hey, maybe the Sex and Love Addicts meeting
would be more up my alley.
I would agree, sir.
I think I'll go to the gambling meeting.
That's a good idea. You love to gamble.
Oh, looks like we're starting.
Thank you, Harry.
Oh, do you need any cash
in case they lose control and
a poker game breaks out?
That's very generous, sir.
There you are.
♪
♪ Get on it, get on it,
♪ Get on it, Mr. Jive ♪
♪ Who you gonna con and play on today ♪
♪ Lay down a rap and call it a day ♪
♪ Ya leanin' and low ridin'
and talkin' that talk ♪
♪ Pippin' off and takin' off,
you sure ain't cool ♪
♪ Get on it, get on it ♪
♪ Get on it, Mr. Jive ♪
♪ Get on it ♪
What I do when I hit a cold streak
is I borrow from friends,
or anyone, really,
until I hit a hot streak.
Then I pay everybody back.
This way, I never get too far ahead
or too far behind.
A kind of beautiful stasis.
You see, I live in the now,
which is what all the gurus preach.
Oh.
So, Walter still behaving himself?
Well, he's functioning.
And now he's going to AA.
AA? That's terrible.
Maybe it could help him. It helped Charlie.
Charlie? He committed suicide.
- But he was sober.
- Well, that's true.
Charge! That's my new toast.
Mmm.
Teddy, there's no vermouth in this.
Oh, shit, you're right.
- I'll make new ones.
- Forget it.
We're playing gin,
we'll have gin cocktails.
So, did you give that young
man a ride home again?
- It's Friday.
- I did.
I told him we have an open marriage.
- Mm-hmm.
- The whole thing was wonderful.
My heart was racing.
It's good for you.
Good for your circulation.
I met a woman, you know, at
the salad bar at Whole Foods.
Twice divorced. Very beautiful.
Persian. Lonely.
But she name-dropped the Shah and
I gave her a hard time about it
'cause I didn't really believe her.
You told me about her two nights ago.
I did?
I meet so many divorcées
that I can hardly keep track.
That salad bar is like a singles bar.
Anyway, she emailed me a picture
of her and the Shah from '78,
so I had to apologize.
I've been sticking to my
bottom lines for three weeks.
No acting out.
Thank you. As most of you know,
my thing is to wear baggy
shorts, you know, no underwear.
Then I ride the M52 bus.
And then I cross my legs
like, you know, like this.
You know, and I just hope somebody sees
what I have hidden up here.
My noodle and my wantons.
I mean, it's a sickness, but I've
been better the last three weeks.
I mean, I still ride the bus
when I don't have to,
but I wear my underwear every time.
So thanks for letting me share.
Thanks for sharing.
And thanks for wearing
your underwear this week.
Thank you.
Hello, I'm Walter. I am not a sex addict.
But I have enjoyed listening to you all.
To be honest, though, I find this label
sexual addiction to be shaming.
When it comes to desire, I mean, desire,
what you call acting out,
it would be wise to remind ourselves
of how Elizabeth Taylor lived.
And what Oscar Wilde said.
"The only way to get rid of temptation
is to yield to it."
Thanks for sharing.
♪
Can I help you?
Yes, I do need help.
Um, do you have that one in a size six?
- This?
- Yes.
- For your wife?
- No, girlfriend.
I'm not ready for marriage.
Okay, I will see if we have those in a six.
Okay.
You know, you're the first
professional magician I've ever met.
Well, that's a lot of pressure.
And I saw women in half for a living.
My dad used to
love doing magic tricks.
Used to? Why did he stop, the old bastard?
Um, he died when I was
12 in a car accident.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No need to worry. It was a long time ago.
No, I'm sorry for being
such a downer on a date.
It's okay, I asked.
I do miss him still.
He used to teach the piano.
I think that's why he liked magic.
He had such agile fingers.
He had beautiful hands. I
used to love looking at them.
What, you also have very pretty hands.
Could you do a trick right here?
A trick? I totally didn't come prepared.
Do you mind if I smoke?
Disgusting habit, I know,
- but then so's this.
- Ah.
Whoa. So's that. Whoa.
That's how we smoke cigarettes in LA.
No, I'm kidding. Hand me the
salt shaker, would you?
All right, keep your eyes on this.
Here we go. Here's the salt.
Or as I call it, the other white powder.
Keep your eyes on it. Keep your eyes on it.
It's a lot of salt going in the hand.
I wave my hand and say the magic words,
Bangers and Match, boop, it's gone.
- Wow!
- Yeah.
I'll bring it back for you,
it's... a grain at a time.
There's a grain.
That's gonna take too long.
Here's a grain. Hold your hand out for me.
Are you married?
Um...
Hey, I really appreciate this.
And I think you're gonna
be an awesome sponsor.
- I'll call you.
- You're welcome.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
Hi. I want to thank you for
what you shared in there.
I've been coming to these
meetings for months
and you are the first person
who's made any sense.
Well, I'm glad if what I had to say helped.
It was very helpful. Usually these meetings
make me feel worse about
myself, not better.
That's not good.
I struggle with that myself.
Attacking myself mentally.
I'm sorry that things haven't
gone well for you here.
It's all right. There's a
reason I've been coming to SLAA
and it was to hear
what you had to say tonight.
And to meet you.
Several women rabbis have been arrested
and a protest at the Wailing Wall
has spurred debate in the Knesset.
The issue of women rabbis
has been an ongoing controversy
for several years now.
A coalition of American...
Ah, I love a woman with a clean bathroom.
Almost fell off.
- What is that?
- What?
- Wow.
Mm.
Fucking hate this car, Harry.
Oh, how charming.
Oh, thanks. I do love living here.
And my place is right over there.
- Oh, lovely.
- Yes.
Um, just one moment, darling.
I need to have a word with my man.
Sure.
Major, I advise against this.
This woman is a sex addict.
Shh, don't be ridiculous, Harry.
There's no such thing.
Also, my analyst encouraged
me to meet someone.
This is part of my treatment.
I liked it better when he gave you cocaine.
Stop pouting, Harry.
Look, I'll only be gone an hour or so.
And we'll kiss a little
and I'll call it a night.
Like a gentleman.
So, wait here.
Yes, sir.
- Oh, are you cold?
- Just a little.
Oh, my. I'm so sorry.
And surely the house...
The whole house is yours.
I think you look tired.
Have you had a steak lately?
Mom, you know I don't eat meat.
I wish you would. You grew up on meat.
You look pale.
Would Walter want to do
phone sessions with me?
I'm worried about him after his collapse.
No, Dad, he's got a therapist here in LA.
Fine.
He'll be okay.
Hey, Mom, when we FaceTime,
do you look at the little picture
of yourself or do you look at me?
I think I look at the
little picture of myself
- more than I look at you.
- It's true.
Yeah, me, too. I do that, too.
Well, I better get going, Mom.
It's Friday night.
I love you.
I love you more than that.
Okay, bye.
Should we slow down a little?
No, let's go faster.
Ah!
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I met the most interesting Persian woman.
A Sophia Loren look-alike.
Huge, gorgeous brown eyes.
And she told me that the Shah put his hand
on her leg at a dinner party in 1978.
- Teddy.
- Yes, dear?
I love you.
Sophie, what the hell are you doing?
Holy shit. Walter fucking Blunt?
- Who is this man?
- It's my husband Steve.
You said you were divorced.
I am, but
we still sleep together.
He's in Codependents Anonymous.
Oh, shit! Excuse me, Sophie.
I can't believe you're
screwing Walter Blunt.
Point of fact, we did not
engage in intercourse.
Oh, you shut up. I don't like you.
I don't like your show. And I
don't like you banging my wife.
You keep my show out of this!
Oh, fuck you. Right here, right now.
No, no. Oh!
Goddamn memory foam.
Blunt! I'm gonna kill you!
Shit!
Oh, no.
Harry! Harry!
Row! Row!
Motherfucker!
Where you going? Coward!
Row, Harry, row!
English bastard!
Fuck.
Good man, Harry.
Well, that could have gone better.
But my analyst can't say I
didn't try to meet someone.
Told you she was a sex fiend, sir.
Don't be judgmental, Harry.
What did Oscar Wilde say?
"We're all in the gutter...
But some of us are looking at the stars."
Mmm.
You know, we're quite lucky.
This is a beautiful night for a boat ride.
Pass the commanding officer, Harry.
And I'd like to hear a sea shanty.
Very good, sir.
♪ I went to sea as a country lad ♪
♪ To make a dream come true ♪
♪ A full-blown wind took us hard astern ♪
♪ That blew from Timbuktu ♪
♪ We went down like an anchor chain ♪
♪ I thought that we would drown ♪
♪ Swam belly up and cried like hell ♪
♪ You can't keep a good man down ♪
♪ We rode like billy-o,
made the Scilly Isles ♪
♪ Ended up in the Rose and Crown ♪
♪ Drank the night away,
seems like yesterday ♪
♪ When she went down ♪
♪ And it's hey-ho,
can't blow the man down ♪
♪ Hey-ho, can't blow the man down ♪
♪ Hey-ho, can't blow the man ♪
♪ Blow the man down, boys ♪
♪ Blow this man down ♪
♪
♪ Way-ho, can't blow the man down ♪
♪ Hey-ho, can't hold the man ♪
♪ Hold the man down, boys ♪
♪ Hold this man down ♪
♪ 'Twas devil's torment, tack and rum ♪
♪ That kept the fear at bay ♪
♪ But a Navy sail on the starboard bow ♪
♪ Was getting in our way ♪
♪ A broadside rain like a fire from hell ♪
♪ We made the beggars pay ♪
♪ But we did not see the giant wave ♪
♪ That took our keel away ♪
♪ So wreckage drift away, soggy castaway ♪
♪ Runnin' a-ground ♪
♪ No, we're way-ho, can't hold the man ♪
♪ Hold the man down, boys ♪
♪ Hold this man down ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org